Cleanup README a little bit (#166)
CODAIT/pydax: README.md

![Docs](https://github.com/codait/pydax/workflows/Docs/badge.svg)
![Development Environment](https://github.com/codait/pydax/workflows/Development%20Environment/badge.svg)

> PyDAX is a Python API that offers users a simple and quick way to download and load any dataset with an associated PyDAX schema in just a few lines of code.

Reviewer: I don't think we should include technical details in the first sentence in introduction. How about this: (we should probably refine this further)

```suggestion
PyDAX is a Python API that enables easy, pragmatic, and elegant programmatical downloading and loading of datasets.
```

Author: That works for me

pip install -U .
```

> ## Simple Example

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
## Quick Start
```
